docs: update contributing guidelines (#859)
cosmos/interchain-security: CONTRIBUTING.md

If your architecture decision is a simple change, you may contribute directly without writing an ADR. However, if you are proposing a significant change, please include a corresponding ADR.

In certain circumstances, the architecture decision may require changes to the ICS spec. Note that the spec is responsible for defining language-agnostic, implementation-agnostic behaviors for the ICS protocol. Whereas ADRs are responsible for communicating implementation decisions contained within this repo.

To create an ADR, follow the [template](./docs/docs/adrs/adr-template.md) and [doc](./docs/docs/adrs/Readme.md). If you would like to see examples of how these are written, please refer to the current [ADRs](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/tree/main/docs/architecture).

### ADR Proposals

Architecture Decision Records (ADRs) may be proposed by any contributors or maintainers of ICS. ADRs are intended to be iterative, and may be merged into `main` while still in a `Proposed` status

## Development Procedure

* The latest state of development is on `main`.

> * `main` must never fail `make lint test`.

Author: @smarshall-spitzbart please add a Makefile `lint` target

* No `--force` onto `main` (except when reverting a broken commit, which should seldom happen).
* Create a branch to start work:
    * Fork the repo (core developers must create a branch directly in the ICS repo),
    branch from the HEAD of `main`, make some commits, and submit a PR to `main`.
    * For core developers working within the `interchain-security` repo, follow branch name conventions to ensure clear
    ownership of branches: `{moniker}/{issue#}-branch-name`.
    * See [Branching Model](#branching-model-and-release) for more details.

> * Be sure to run `make format` before every commit. The easiest way

Author: @smarshall-spitzbart please add a `format` target to the Makefile

Reviewer: See https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/860, it's similar to gaia but not completely the same

  to do this is have your editor run it for you upon saving a file (most of the editors
  will do it anyway using a pre-configured setup of the programming language mode).

Code is merged into main through pull request procedure.

### Testing

Appropriate tests should be written with a new feature, and all existing tests should pass. See [docs/testing.md](./docs/old/testing.md) for more information.

### Pull Requests

Before submitting a pull request:

* merge the latest main `git merge origin/main`,
* run `make lint test` to ensure that all checks and tests pass.

Then:

1. If you have something to show, **start with a `Draft` PR**. It's good to have early validation of your work and we highly recommend this practice. A Draft PR also indicates to the community that the work is in progress.
   Draft PRs also help the core team provide early feedback and ensure the work is in the right direction.
2. When the code is complete, change your PR from `Draft` to `Ready for Review`.
3. Go through the actions for each checkbox present in the PR template description. The PR actions are automatically provided for each new PR.

> 4. Be sure to include a relevant changelog entry in the `Unreleased` section of `CHANGELOG.md` (see file for log format). The entry should be on top of all others changes in the section.

Author: Once https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/issues/801 is completed, we should start using [unclog](https://github.com/informalsystems/unclog).

    * You must also think through anything which ought to be included but is not
    * You must think through whether any added code could be partially combined (DRYed) with existing code
    * You must think through any potential security issues or incentive-compatibility flaws introduced by the changes
    * Naming must be consistent with conventions and the rest of the codebase
    * Code must live in a reasonable location, considering dependency structures (for example, not importing testing modules in production code, or including example code modules in production code).
    * If you approve the PR, you are responsible for any issues mentioned here and any issues that should have been addressed after thoroughly reviewing the reviewer checklist items in the pull request template.
* If you sat down with the PR submitter and did a pairing review, add this information in the `Approval` or your PR comments.
* If you are only making "surface level" reviews, submit notes as a `comment` review.

### Updating Documentation

If you open a PR in ICS, it is mandatory to update the relevant documentation in `/docs`.

> ## Dependencies

Author: To be update after https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/issues/801 is completed. See https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#dependencies for an example.

Author: cc @smarshall-spitzbart

We use [Go Modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) to manage
dependency versions.

> The main branch of every Cosmos repository should just build with `go get`,

Author: Just got the entire section from the SDK guidelines.

> The main branch of every Cosmos repository should just build with `go get`,

Author: See https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/859#discussion_r1169917068

which means they should be kept up-to-date with their dependencies so we can
get away with telling people they can just `go get` our software.

When dependencies in ICS's `go.mod` are changed, it is generally accepted practice
to delete `go.sum` and then run `go mod tidy`.

Since some dependencies are not under our control, a third party may break our
build, in which case we can fall back on `go mod tidy -v`.

## Protobuf

> We use [Protocol Buffers](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) along with [gogoproto](https://github.com/cosmos/gogoproto) to generate code for use in ICS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use [Protocol Buffers](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) along with [buf](https://buf.build/docs/) to generate code for use in ICS.
```

We use `buf generate` to generate code.

For deterministic behavior around Protobuf tooling, everything is containerized using Docker. Make sure to have Docker installed on your machine, or head to [Docker's website](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to install it.

To generate the protobuf stubs, you can run `make proto-gen`.

## Branching Model and Release

ICS adheres to the [trunk based development branching model](https://trunkbaseddevelopment.com/). User branches should start with a user name, example: `{moniker}/{issue#}-branch-name`.

> ### Semantic Versioning

Author: To be update after https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/issues/801 is completed. See https://github.com/cosmos/gaia/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#branching-model-and-release for an example.
